# 1-Year Team Anniversary
Today as the calendar marks March 23rd, it is now the <u>1-year founding anniversary of Mystic Creations Team</u>!

We have come a long way since, with more team members and a massively larger community! I am glad to see that so many enjoy our projects and I'm so happy to see this community grow.
I am thankful to have you all ^^

With that, we'd also like to announce some things:
<ul style="margin-top: -12px">
  <li>
  All our projects will support <em>Minecraft 1.20.1 for Forge and Fabric</em>, 
  <em>Minecraft 1.21.1, 1.21.4, 1.21.5, (1.21.6-)1.21.8, (1.21.9-)1.21.10 and 1.21.11 for Fabric and NeoForge</em>, 
  <em>Minecraft 26.x for Fabric and NeoForge</em> and <em>Minecraft 27.x+ for Fabric only</em>.

  <ul>
    <li>Minecraft 1.20.1 for Fabric and Forge will lose support once we get to Minecraft 26.1</li>
  </ul>
  </li>

  <li>
  We are still developing <em>MysticLib</em> and giving it all we can. It'll take us a little bit to finish it and polish it up, make sure nothing's broken and so on.<br>
  It'll be released along with a lot of documentation describing every step of how it works and how to use it. <br>
  We'll resume work on Under The Stars right after MysticLib is finished and fully documented.
  </li>

  <li>
  We're changing our versioning scheme

  <ul>
    <li>
    Displayed versions on both Modrinth and CurseForge will be changed from just e.g. <i>"1.4.3"</i> to <em>"1.4.3+mc1.20.1-Fabric"</em> while the internal mod version will stay the same. <br>
    Some of our projects have already been adapted to this format, and some will be adapted to it with their next updates. <br>
    Thank you for your patience.
  </ul>

  </li>
  <li>
  For those curios of some things that will be coming to the next <b><em>True End</em></b> update, soon a project called <em>Left Forgotten</em>
  will be available on Modrinth on JustMili's personal account and later on CurseForge on the team's account. <br>
  Left Forgotten has some new and upgraded features that True End will have as well in the next 1.4.3 update along with official Fabric support, so it's worth checking out for anyone interested.
  </li>
  <li>A large documentation repository composed of information how to develop mods for Fabric, NeoForge and Forge individually, multi-platform via Architectury for Minecraft 1.20.1 for Fabric and Forge, as well as multi-platform via a special Loom-Loom-MDG setup for Fabric and NeoForg for 1.21.1 and newer. There will be information on everything including special notes about some updates, how to do datagen, rendering and other along with links to useful development tools online. It's not just going to be all written the way our team does it, but also a less weird version for any other developer.</li>
</ul>